# First meeting
## 4th october 11pm

Present:
Hamish, David, Andrew

Topics:
- Possiblity of software only project
- BLDC motors to use
- Use of GitHub for software
- Different race DIP switch
- Possiblity of multiple NXP boards (one for computer vision, one for PID)
- 9 axis sensor
- Sonar for box
- Odrive for motor?
- 2 batteries - Turnigy 2200mAh 3S 25C Lipo Pack
- Possibly 3D print
- Get a locker for F13
- Put time in for F13